= Baconmail

By Rodrigo Franco and Marcos Tapajos

The original {Otherinbox Defender}[http://mashable.com/2008/09/08/otherinbox/] is no more. Sadly, the current version is subpar and do not meet my needs. This project attempts to reproduce the core functionalities of OIB Defender using a GMail account. As of right now, the following functionalities are implemented:

* Emails are automatically labeled by mailbox name
* First email sent to a new mailbox is forwarded to your personal email address
* Daily digest sent to your personal email address, with the list of emails received the day before
* Emails previews can be generated, so you can easily see yesterday messages without login into your baconmail mailbox. (Optional)

== Getting started (Pre-requisites)

* {Create a new google apps account}[http://www.google.com/apps/intl/en/business/index.html] (using a new domain is highly recommended)
* Setup one email account on it
* {Configure the email account}[http://www.google.com/support/a/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=33962] as catch all. Make sure everything works properly
* Enable the ‘Hide Read Labels’ labs feature
* Make sure you disable the ‘Nested Labels’ labs feature – its know to generate performance issues if you have a lot of labels
* To better replicate the defender concept, disable the spam filter following {this instructions}[http://www.mydigitallife.info/2008/11/24/how-to-disable-and-deactivate-spam-filter-protection-in-gmail-or-google-mail/]

== Setup instructions
* Install the gem as usual:

    $ gem install baconmail

* Create a .baconmail file in your home directory. It should look like this:

    accounts:
      - username: caconmail@gmail.com
        password:  password42
        email:  personal@email.com

      - username: anotherbaconmail@gmail.com
        password:  password42!
        email:  personal2@email.com

    config:
      use_preview: false
      bucket: baconmail.amazon.bucket
      aws_key: KEY-GOES-HERE
      aws_secret: SECRET-GOES-HERE

* Just one account is required, but you can have more than one if you want.
* To enable the digest previews, change use_preview to true and enter your AWS credentials (and bucket name).

* Add the following lines to your cron tab:

    */5  * * * * baconmail process
    55 04 * * * baconmail digest

That will ensure the script organizes your mailbox each 5 minutes. It will also send you the daily digest at 04:55am.

== Contributing to baconmail

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 rodrigo franco (caffo). See LICENSE.txt for further details.

